Libpymath Documentation
***********************

Libpymath - a fast, general purpose Python math library


The Aim
=======

The aim of libpymath is to provide a simple and intuitive inerface to
complex mathematical routines, while maintaining a fast and efficient
operation. The module will allow you to create powerful matrices,
progress bars, neural networks and more with only a few lines of code.


Licencing
---------

Libpymath is covered under an MIT license, so you can use all of the
code as is for private, open source or commercial projects, as long as
the copyright notice is retained at the top of any files used.


Installing the Package
======================

To install the package, simply open your CLI of choice and run "pip
install libpymath" to install the package. Hopefully there will be
wheels provided for your operating system and Python version, however
none exist the code must be built from source. This only takes a few
seconds, however you will need a C or C++ compiler installed on your
system.

If you would like to upgrade to the lastest version of libpymath, you
can run "pip install libpymath --upgrade" to upgrade an existing
version installed on your system.

Another option for more experienced users is to clone the repository
using the "git clone https://github.com/Pencilcaseman/LibPyMath.git"
command in a directory of your choice. This will install the source
code for you, allowing you to edit the code, add features, fix
potential bugs (hopefully you wonâ€™t find any) or simply see how it
works.


Using the Package
=================

With libpymath installed, you can open a Python environment, such as
IDLE, and start to write your first piece of code.

To import the module, add this to the top of your file:

   import libpymath

Libpymath is commonly imported as "lpm", which is shorter and easier
to type. This change can be made easily:

   import libpymath as lpm

The libpymath import allows you to access all of the features of
libpymath, such as the matrix library or the progress bar library. For
information on how to use these features, see below.


Contents
========

* libpymath

  * libpymath package

* libpymath.matrix package

  * Submodules

  * libpymath.matrix.matrix module

  * Module contents

* libpymath.progress package

  * Submodules

  * libpymath.progress.progress module

  * Module contents


Indices and tables
******************

* Search Page
